Le Vieux St. Laurent is a staple brunch spot in the Plateau.  I've been coming here multiple times a month for over a year and it never fails to disappoint - it's the perfect comfort food after a long week of work.

## The Food
Le Vieux St. Laurent has a large menu that carries the full brunch fare that caters to both the budget conscious and the foodie in me.  For the absolute best price/quantity ratio, be sure to stop by on weekdays before 9am to take advantage of the early bird special - my go to for this is the 2 eggs item which comes with unlimited coffee (like all other menu items) toast, fruits, home fries, and your choice of bacon, sausage, or ham.  The eggs, which I order over easy, are always very well cooked with a nice and gooey yolk.  The home fries are inoffensive but not amazing - I find that they could be a bit more crispy.  The sausages are my favorite of the three meat options, but none of them are particularily special.  The toast, likewise, is nothing to write home about.  The fruits are a nice addition to the meal but they aren't the most flavourful.  I suggest asking for hot sauce for the eggs and home fries - they have Maçarico Piri-Piri hot sauce which has a very sharp upfront spice profile but unfortunately is a little light in terms of taste.

If you missed the early bird special or are feeling like a larger meal, I suggest the either the feast #1 or #2.  They both come with 2 eggs, sausages, bacon, ham, beans, toast, home fries, and fruits; the #1 comes with two buttermilk pancakes while the #2 comes with one blueberry or chocolate chip pancake.  I tend to side with the #2 as even with one less pancake I sometimes find it hard to finish.  The pancakes are fluffy and easy on the mouth; they aren't too doughy as pancakes very often are.  My one gripe is that I always wish that the feasts came with mroe beans as I enjoy them a lot.

## The Service
The service is generally good.  The waiters are friendly, efficient, and attentive.  Sometimes, however, it can be hard to flag someone down to get a coffee or water refill.  In addition, one of the waiters can be abrasive, however, this rarely comes up and never impacts the meal negatively.  The food is always served surprisingly quickly and hot.

## The Ambiance
Le Vieux St. Laurent is typically busy but not packed.  If you get ther in time for the early bird, you'll find that the place is mostly empty, however, there will always be a couple of tables filled.  On busier days, the restaurant's capacity is more strained - still, I have never had to wait for a table.  The restaurant is clean and well kept; it sports a cozy and homey atmosphere.